docs/source/index.rst, before:

Jupyter at Open Source Day 2017
===============================

.. important::

   **Before the event**

    The Grace Hopper Celebration is a busy, vibrant event. We know you are busy. 
    Since conference wifi can be spotty, please setup your laptop (if possible)
    before Open Source Day.

    - Install `Anaconda for Python 3.6 <https://www.continuum.io/downloads>`_
    - Install a favorite code editor (see recommendations in set up if you don't have a favorite)
    - Create a GitHub account
    - Install git

    For detailed instructions, see :doc:`Set up and configuration </2017-OSD/set-up>`.


2017 Open Source Day
--------------------

- :doc:`Contents </2017-OSD/index>`
- :doc:`Welcome </2017-OSD/welcome>`
- :doc:`Set up and configuration </2017-OSD/set-up>`
- :doc:`Jupyter Notebooks </2017-OSD/notebooks>`
- :doc:`HFOSS Humanitarian Free Open Source Software </2017-OSD/hfoss>`
- :doc:`History </2017-OSD/history>`
- :doc:`Next steps </201-7OSD/nextsteps>`

2016 Open Source Day
--------------------

- :doc:`Contents </2016-OSD/index>`


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   
   2017-OSD/index
   2017-OSD/welcome.md
   2017-OSD/set-up.md
   2017-OSD/notebooks.md
   2017-OSD/hfoss.md
   2017-OSD/history.md
   2017-OSD/nextsteps.md
   2016-OSD/index
   2016-OSD/welcome.md
   2016-OSD/set-up.md
   2016-OSD/notebooks.md
   2016-OSD/hfoss.md
   2016-OSD/history.md
   2016-OSD/nextsteps.md

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

add azure nb and nteract

docs/source/index.rst, after:

Jupyter at Open Source Day 2017
===============================

.. important::

   **Before the event**

    The Grace Hopper Celebration is a busy, vibrant event. We know you are busy. 
    Since conference wifi can be spotty, please setup your laptop (if possible)
    before Open Source Day.

    - Install `Anaconda for Python 3.6 <https://www.continuum.io/downloads>`_
    - Install a favorite code editor (see recommendations in set up if you don't have a favorite)
    - Create a GitHub account
    - Install git

    - Optional (or if you have difficulty installing Anaconda):
        - Install `nteract <https://nteract.io>`_ (a one-click install for notebooks on the desktop)
        - Sign up for the free `Microsoft Azure notebooks <https://notebooks.azure.com>`_ (notebooks
          in the cloud)

    For detailed instructions, see :doc:`Set up and configuration </2017-OSD/set-up>`.


2017 Open Source Day
--------------------

- :doc:`Contents </2017-OSD/index>`
- :doc:`Welcome </2017-OSD/welcome>`
- :doc:`Set up and configuration </2017-OSD/set-up>`
- :doc:`Jupyter Notebooks </2017-OSD/notebooks>`
- :doc:`HFOSS Humanitarian Free Open Source Software </2017-OSD/hfoss>`
- :doc:`History </2017-OSD/history>`
- :doc:`Next steps </201-7OSD/nextsteps>`

2016 Open Source Day
--------------------

- :doc:`Contents </2016-OSD/index>`


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   
   2017-OSD/index
   2017-OSD/welcome.md
   2017-OSD/set-up.md
   2017-OSD/notebooks.md
   2017-OSD/hfoss.md
   2017-OSD/history.md
   2017-OSD/nextsteps.md
   2016-OSD/index
   2016-OSD/welcome.md
   2016-OSD/set-up.md
   2016-OSD/notebooks.md
   2016-OSD/hfoss.md
   2016-OSD/history.md
   2016-OSD/nextsteps.md

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
